started log
scanning wavs now
app is running
State now in: SelectFile
switching states
State now in: RecordIn
State now in: RecordIn
switching states
State now in: SelectFile
State now in: SelectFile
switching states
State now in: RecordIn
State now in: RecordIn
switching states
State now in: SelectFile
State now in: SelectFile
switching states
State now in: RecordIn
State now in: RecordIn
switching states
State now in: PlayWAV
loading file
loaded file
started audio callback
+1s
+1s
+1s
+1s
State now in: PlayWAV
switching states
State now in: Synthesis
State now in: Synthesis
switching states
State now in: SelectFile
State now in: SelectFile
switching states
State now in: RecordIn
State now in: RecordIn
switching states
State now in: SelectFile
State now in: SelectFile
switching states
State now in: RecordIn
State now in: RecordIn
switching states
State now in: PlayWAV
loading file
loaded file
started audio callback
+1s
+1s
+1s
