started log
got to here
sd init ok
init fsi okay
scanning wavs now
file count is 7
file mgr inint OK
app init done.
starting to load echo48k16bit.wav
loading audio data now
before buf
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
first bit of loading loop
about to fread in loop
end of loading loop - loaded ok
finished loading file.
